zh, en: remove HotReload policy in doc (#2859)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/component-configuration.md

This document describes how to configure parameters for TiDB, TiKV, PD, TiProxy, TiFlash, and TiCDC in a Kubernetes cluster.

> TiDB Operator automatically rolling update components to apply configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, TiDB Operator applies configuration changes by performing a rolling restart of the related components.
```
